Ingress docs (#24)
lightbend/cloudflow-docs: docs-source/docs/modules/get-started/pages/exercise-example.adoc

Handling connection for 3003
```

> NOTE: The port-forward solution used here is a temporary route to the application from localhost. If you want to create a permanent route that can be accessed by anyone, please see the following chapter on Kubernetes ingresses: xref:ingress-creation.adoc[Creating a permanent ingress]

Reviewer: This is a link to the old name AFAICT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The port-forward solution used here is a temporary route to the application from localhost. If you want to create a permanent route that can be accessed by anyone, please see the following chapter on Kubernetes ingresses: xref:ingress-creation.adoc[Providing External Access to Cloudflow Services]
```

> NOTE: The port-forward solution used here is a temporary route to the application from the localhost. If you want to create a permanent route that can be accessed by anyone, please see the following chapter on Kubernetes ingresses: xref:ingress-creation.adoc[Creating a permanent ingress]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The port-forward solution used here is a temporary route to the application from localhost. If you want to create a permanent route that can be accessed by anyone, please see the following chapter on Kubernetes ingresses: xref:ingress-creation.adoc[Creating a permanent ingress]
```
